hello guys and welcome to my first
weapon guide of the close quarters
weapons before I began like to thank all
you guys who've liked my previous fluke
scores for those and subscribe because
Isis subscribers are basically more than
tripled since I a couple days ago I've
only got like two on drew's which may
not be a lot with some people but when
you're a it's it's quite good progress
so well cool people let's go home to a
weapon guide so first up is the or gate
3 ok 3 is unlocked or getting 10 squad
revives 30 assault rifle kills scalable
fully automatic and semi-automatic fire
as a 30-round magazine which is pretty
standard for an assault rifle are from
the chamber on the rear 5 700 rounds per
minute which is pretty the rule compared
to some of the assault rifles but it
actually makes rico very control which
can be good at long range the radio time
is kind of average fallen short of likes
to the m16 but it's not too slow allows
a lower rate of fire comparison assault
rifles like the m16 in the AEK it still
reforms wealth and close to medium-range
longer inches i'd recommend burst phone
or using the weapon like the ak-74 the
iron sights on their own or a little bit
awkward to use a good offer choice just
be your preferred reflex like a rat dog
or a Copa region holographic so we're
using this web of a closed medium range
mostly anyway so they don't really want
a call ground from the club ok 3 is a
great web and bob composer alegria soul
cut weapons like with jack of all trades
m16 it just doesn't have seen
flexibility of usage I recommended kids
with this weapon would be your preferred
reflex sight of a flash suppressor the
option of for grip is entirely your
choice I personally only use the fore
grip on LMGs videos recently
so if you like you get the town
understand weapon in this place or just
snuff at all there's currently a glitch
with the understand smoke launcher in
this web not gonna want it detail on it
was like already the big huge herbage
like all the thousand subscribers no
leave it put videos up showing I did and
I don't think got really hopes anyway
sure when everyone I did hopefully paste
fix out very soon hopefully an eye on
the second assault hit weapon which is
the scar l scar l is the saginaw unlock
for this orchid Cellmark be getting 20
kills with an underslung grenade
launcher and 15 kills with hand grenades
it's also capable of the wall 1 Samuel
fire yep to you has a 30 round magazine
with on the chamber it has a low rate of
fire of 620 lines per minute this coil
is very similar to the engineer web in
the scar-h the main differences are
scores larger magazine size as well as
more controllable recoil longer range it
does less damage up close to miscarriage
but less damage drop off at range for
this couples of too far less recoil make
it much more effective arrange a little
way to follow that down close colors
especially in New hafsa has actually
helps to conserve your auto if you don't
have like a support squad met nearby I
also helps you be more accurate because
like if you know you've got a little bit
of fire you need to hit all and shots
till you so spraying some of their mess
you'll likely just turn on in put you
down like a dog of an f 2000 or some the
scales are great welcome to use from
medium to long ranges it slowly coil on
tight spreads really shiny longer ranges
on bang the new bill would buy those 11
is it doesn't have higher damage in its
class like the scar-h dolls in the
engineer kit this is why using this file
includes polish isn't that great idea
while it can hold its own if you land
your shots on-target the score eh usual
wolf as a session that the assault kit
is superior in every way minus the lower
damage obviously my recommended set up
with a scale would be your preferred
reef
it's in conjunction of the heavy barrel
really make it shine at that long range
though up pretty much concludes first
episode of my close quarters webbing
reviews the next episode are we looking
at the engineer kit it's too happens to
a CW are the mtar-21 so please leave a
like if you enjoyed the video java
comments and which gone you'll be using
or you're already using in the close
quarters expansion I'll see you guys in
the next episode